What would have happened
if I had used my Fist of
Flowing Water, Crushed Rock...?
Saitama, huh?
It'd be a shame to just
leave him to his own devices.
THE EXCESSIVELY PUSHY BANG
Maybe there's some way—
Hm? Genos?
Why are they together?
Come to think of it...
Master!
Are they teacher and student?
But their rankings are
Class S and Class C.
So what's going on?
What should we have for dinner?
| think we've got some cabbage left.
Cabbage alone will not be enough.
Shall I purchase some meat?
There you go again.
Listen, don't underestimate cabbage!
Stir-fried in yakiniku sauce,
it goes great with rice.
Hmm...so they are indeed
teacher and student.
| see. So preparation is what
truly dictates the results.
Even a powerful weapon can be junk
in the hands of the incompetent.
Is that the lesson, Master?
| wouldn't go that far.
You teach me so much, Master!
Incredible!
He preaches the principles of
martial arts with leftover cabbage!
And a disciple so quick fo pick up
on his master's lessons...
Such a far cry from Charanko.
If I don't do something,
the Fist of Flowing Water,
Crushed Rock ends with me.
All right.
Aw man! All your talk about meat
made me hungry for some!
Hello!
Quite impressive.
Who's this old guy again?
Silverfang.
The Class S hero, Master.
Just call me Bang.
Up close, he appears to be
no more than an ordinary guy.
Genos looks superior
in every respect.
Yet, Saitama is the one guiding him.
In terms of rank,
Genos is placed much higher.
But if Saitama has mastered
a fighting style
that can surpass rankings,
it's a different story.
What's with the old guy?
He's gone all quiet...
There are many eccentrics in Class S.
I suppose that means this Saitama
is an outstanding teacher.
— Ready?
—Yes.
So Saitama...
do you have a teacher?
Huh?
Where did you learn martial arts?
Which style do you practice?
So we go from silence to
a barrage of questions?
Even if your style isn't mainstream,
don't be embarrassed—
Nah, I don't have a teacher.
But then.. how did you
become so strong?
Um...weight lifting...| guess?
What!
So you're saying that
you smashed that meteor
using pure physical ability?
Yeah, sure.
This kid has so much potential!
How about stopping by
my dojo one day?
It might be interesting.
No, I'm good.
Master Saitama is a busy man.
Come on, don't be like that.
This is the address for my dojo.
I'll be there all day tomorrow.
Were you listening?
— Master is—
— All right, old man.
See you tomorrow.
Oh, Master!
| can't wait to see their faces
lit with enthusiasm.
Why hasn't he come?!
| thought for sure you were
going to the dojo.
Yeah, old dudes like that
can be persistent.
Humoring them,
then blowing them off
is the only way
to avoid big headaches.
Not a care in the world.
But one should never
let his guard down.
You're wide open!
I could've defeated him 200 times
while he was shopping.
He's so very vulnerable
and inexperienced.
Master!
| thought it was a cat,
but it was just a plastic bag.
And now all my delicious meat
has been run over by a truck...
Such physical prowess!
No wonder he walks around
So open to attack.
This changes all of
my mental simulations.
You two look like
you're in need of some protein.
At my dojo,
| have some premium meat that
the Martial Arts Association sent over.
That's quite a coincidence.
| happen to have
some yakiniku sauce!
Where's your dojo?
ADVANCE FEARLESSLY
TOWARDS ONE'S GOAL
ADVANCE FEARLESSLY TOWARDS ONE'S GOAL But, before I give
you the meat, there's something I'd like you to see.
But, before I give you the meat,
there's something I'd like you to see.
What do you think?
| was hoping I could open your eyes
to how marvelous
the martial arts are—
Yeah, I get it.
Now hurry up and give us the meat.
What is it that you want?
Looks like I'll have to
make them understand...
— But if I fight them,
— We were promised meat.
— There's a possibility
— Why are we breaking bricks?
— They may get hurt. All right...
— Ahh, this is becoming a pain.
KARUTA FOR
GOOD BOYS AND GIRLS
KARUTA FOR GOOD BOYS AND
GIRLS Let's have a game of karuta!
KARUTA FOR
GOOD BOYS AND GIRLS
Hey, what about the meat?
Win the game and it's yours.
Charanko, you read the cards.
Yes, sir!
Nu...
What the—!
How's that?
By sharpening every nerve
in my body,
| can react instantaneously.
That is the essence of martial arts.
Ro...
Got it.
| see. The one who can flick
more cards wins.
All right. Hurry up and
read the next one.
Wait a moment!
You can't neglect the rules.
These guys aren't the type to
quietly play games inside.
Apparently so.
In that case...
This is an old training method
passed down in our dojo.
It's a kind of freestyle sparring.
First, the two players must decide
who will attack and
who will defend.
This is decided via
shitao, jiandao and—
You mean "rock-paper-scissors."
The winner then has the right to
pick up the weapon and
hit the other guy.
Hit, cover, rock-paper-scissors, right?
Yeah, generally that's the idea...
But in a competition such as this,
martial arts can work
to your advantage—
Master, I'll do it.
You understand the rules?
Yes. I figured the explanation
would take forever,
so I looked them up myself.
Very well.
ROUND ONE
— Hit! Cover! Rock, paper, scissors!
First blood.
Still just a rookie, eh?
Maybe this is too advanced
for you kids?
Looks like fun.
Tag out, Genos!
ROUND TWO
ROUND TWO — Hit! Cover! Rock, paper,
scissors! — Hit! Cover! Rock, paper, scissors!
— Hit! Cover! Rock, paper, scissors!
Damn. Let's go again!
Fine.
ROUND THREE
ROUND THREE — Rock, paper,
scissors! — Rock, paper, scissors!
— Rock, paper, scissors!
ROUND FOUR
Scissors!
Scissors! Scissors!
Scissors! Scissors! Scissors!
Again!!
ROUND 22
ROUND 22 — Hit! Cover! Rock,
paper, — Hit! Cover! Rock, paper,
ROUND 22
ROUND 22 — scissors! — scissors!
— Scissors!
— scissors!
Brings back memories...
To bring back that
lively energy to the dojo...
I'm going to need the power
and strength of youth.
Wart, he's... 2/
Such power!
No fair! You're not allowed to dodge!
That would've settled it otherwise!
Those aren't the rules!
Enough.
Huh?
| lost.
If we'd been fighting for real,
how would it have ended?
All right then!
The next hit wins!
You fool. I have no intention of engaging
in mortal combat with you.
Huh?
What about the meat?
| was always going to give it to you.
Huh?
So what'd you think?
Maybe you understand now
that you've had a match.
Especially you, Saitama.
Before you knew it,
you were enjoying the competition.
Otherwise, you wouldn't
have gotten so serious.
— You listen too, Charanko.
—Yes.
Martial arts is appealing
in this way,
a way that you can never get
from merely fighting.
It's true, Master was getting serious...
Exactly. That is the essence
of martial arts.
Bang-sensei!
Well?
Perhaps you're now interested
in attending my dojo?
Nah...
Not at all.
Oh, really?
Whatever, let's go
one more round and finish this!
Master, shall I play you
next round?
What? Why?
(Ah, that's the way)
(Ah, let's go)
(Ah, that's the way,
that's the way)
"My name is Saitama.
I'm just a guy
who's a hero for fun,
and I can beat
all the evils of this world. "
Never miss a day of training
No air conditioning was pretty hard
But I was finally rewarded
with this fist
Of overwhelming power
Things you can't forget,
like garbage day
And sale day at the supermarket
(Ah, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap)
Come on, seaweed,
make my hair grow
One-Punch Folk Song
I can't stand guys
who are long-winded.
Shorten it to 20 words or less
and get back to me!”
(Ah, that's the way,
that's the way)
One attack, one kill, ONE PUNCH
One-Punch Folk Song
Dance! Sing! Fight!
One-Punch AH Folk Song